hello namaste
Salam alekum sorry akahl welcome back to
another session of cooking with
technology using phillips where each one
of you can be super chef you know some
of you have asked me if we can make
muffin using Philips airfryer yes we can
and it is very easy so today I am going
to show you a very simple method a
recipe also to make the muffins and in
this I am taking 100 grams of butter and
in this take hundred grams of icing
sugar or powdered sugar and we are going
to use the Philips hand blender to
nicely cream this whenever I cream it
with the hand it takes a lot of time and
it is painful and you will never get the
real mice radiation in the butter and
sugar mixture but with the L blender it
life is become very easy so just run the
hand blender in no time this powdered
sugar and the butter will be creamed
with the Philips hand blender you can
cream the butter and powdered sugar very
easily now in this I am going to add
some vanilla essence and also we are
going to add egg but just beat egg and I
am very little at a time just little bit
and then we going to cream it that way
it will be mixed nicely
okay just make sure take a spatula and
remove the sides and put it in the
center now once again keep adding that
little by little and finish all of it
and mix it well now look at this very
well cream and not curdle
so now here I have got you know same 100
grams of flour in this add pinch of
baking powder in this add 50 grams of
oats and also add raisins okay and
before you add this into that just mix
this flour woods and raisins well if you
want you can also add nuts dry fruits to
this but just making it with notes today
this warts is nicely mixed with the
flour and here I have got the mixture
and we are going to do you know folding
method where we're going to add the
flour you can add the entire thing at
one time and now you're going to cut and
fold that means just cut it like this
and fold it so like this and fold it
just keep doing like this till all the
flour is absorbed by this mixture once
this mixture is nicely mixed we are
going to put this mixture into the
muffin moulds now we are going to put
the muffin mixture into the molds okay
if you have smaller molds you can make
lot of them in this that should do it
just make sure that you drop in this
picture just two spins of mixture should
be good enough so that these become full
and nice okay that should be good now
preheat the air fryer for three minutes
at 180 degree centigrade you know once
it is preheated pull the basket out just
put this muffin molds in here and just
put them and now at 180 degree
centigrade for around 10 minutes you
will have awesome muffins ready after
around 10 minutes we are going to check
the muffins okay now look at them so
perfect and you know laughs they look
really good and perfect but we got to
let this cool down then we are going to
try them I have just finished one muffin
before I could show you know look at
these muffins perfectly done you know
better than any store-bought one but
also the thing is you can make this an
air fryer with ease look at them nice
crunchy on the outside and awesome
inside Wow with the holds muffin buff
and such wonderful muffins you can make
it at home by using Philips airfryer mmm
just too good nice crunchy texture
outside and well I'm telling you there
is nothing like eating fresh muffins
just you know you're fried laughs this
is all about cooking with technology be
smart move ahead cook the Philips
airfryer and your life innovation and
you Philips